The way we have things working here, it's OK.
Things work fine, but it's not fully coddling in the sense that we have things more succinct and we
getting our class to be customizable as easy as possible.
What I mean by that is as follows you see here, when we create this class here we are passing or we
have these properties collar and model, and we're able to change this properties.
But it will be really nice to pass them along in the creation of the class.
Because you see, if you look at when we instantiate our car, it looks like a function was to we've
seen before.
We have parentheses there.
That means inside here we will be able to create or construct.
That's the key word.
Construct our object in the beginning when we start, because the moment we do say car information or
a car, in this case, it will have the state all the properties that we have created or added inside
of our class, inside of our plan or inside of our blueprint, which is OK.
But that sounds very flexible.
It would be nice to pass as variables or as parameters inside of here like color model, so that when
we say shaded, we can pass directly.
So what are we going to be passing here?
In our class, it's what we call inside of a constructor.
This is what we call a primary constructor.
So every class Kotlin class has a primary constructor, even if you don't add it right.
So in this case, here there is one, but it's not explicit.
So in this case here, I'm going to explicitly say, OK, for our primary constructor here, I'm going
to pass, for instance, color.
It's going to be a string type.
And also I'm going to pass model, which is going to be a string type as such.
And as we hear, we can also set them up to something say blue for default, right?
Sounds like this now because we have default variables and we have default values.
I should say they still works right if you hover over.
You can see it says color is going to be blue.
Model's going to be empty.
Let's run this and see if this happens.
If this works, so we have color.
Let's go ahead and run and see what's going to happen.
Which one of these properties is going to be taken?
It turns out, of course, even though we pass, actually, we didn't pass anything.
But in this case, in our constructor here, we added default values.
Even though that happened, we're still getting the values that we set up in our properties.
So what we can do here, in fact, we can just set all of these color in the model, the properties
inside by saying color like this and change this to model like that.
Now we're going to have some little issues here.
It says, move to constructor, it's OK.
We're going to get there.
So now if I run this, we should get as you see Blue and x MDL because these properties that we added
inside of the class are now getting from our constructor.
This is indeed a constructor.
It looks like just parameters that we're passing in a function, but internally we have a constructor
that is constructing this object when we instantiated.
In fact, I'm here.
I can just say color.
Whenever I instantiate a new class, I can say color green and then the model.
Say L am like this, if I run this, what do you think is going to happen, right?
We should see Green and Alim.
And there you have it.
The important thing here is that when we instinctually class, actually when we create a class, it
should say we can pass as parameters here instead of this constructor and we can set them up like this.
Now this is too much of redundant code.
This is not very coddling.
Like that means we can change this to make it better.
What I mean by that is if I change, then go get rid of all of this change internally.
Let's say VAR for each one of these so far like this, we're going to have a problem because by doing
this, say VAR or Val doesn't matter.
What do we do in here is that we no longer need this property because these are being assigned, we're
creating them.
When we add far more value for our properties, so in this case here, remember what are we doing?
We're passing these arguments inside of our constructor.
If we put VAR before each one of these parameters in our constructor, Kotlin will know that what we're
doing also, we are using these as properties like we did here.
So this will make our code a little bit more concise, which is cut in like, OK, so let's go ahead
and run this.
We should see the same thing because we we've just changed the structure here.
Now here's the beauty of object oriented programming.
One of the beauties, at least we can create different kinds of car because we have created a class.
We created a structure that is the blueprint, the plan.
We were saying here we have to have a property, color and model.
We can add as many as we want, but this works OK.
And now I did hear what you're saying while car is equal car in passing those properties.
That means we can actually create as many cars as we want.
In this case, he can say second car.
And it can say this is going to be.
Portable and a model is going to be ex Aldi like this?
OK?
Gibberish and I can go ahead and say print alone like that.
I'm going to copy all of this.
And if I run
right, I need to invoke the second car to get the color as well as the model like this, it's going
to run.
And there go.
Second car color purple model that they're so potentially you could just create a class such as this.
And this is very simple, of course, and send it out to as many friends as you want.
All they have to know is that there is a class car and how it's created, and they can create as many
cars as they want to start thinking about at a factory where they make cars.
Right, there is the team that creates the blueprint of the car, and then they send those blueprints
to the manufacturer.
That's where they actually going to build any car.
That's the same thing, right?
This is the architect, the blueprint of a car.
This is what happens when we go to the manufacturer and they start building the actual car.
And this concept is very powerful in programming, not just in Scotland, but in programming in general.